Module-Build-Functions version 0.001_007

DESCRIPTION
    This module gives a Module::Install-like syntax to Module::Build, using
    modules (other than Module::Build itself) that are in the core in 5.006.

    Most commands from Module::Install will be supported, and most
    parameters to Module::Build's `new' routine are supported as commands.
    This includes the share directory implementation that
    Module::Install::Share and File::ShareDir implements.

    This means that using this module instead of Module::Install can be as
    easy as replacing the `use inc::Module::Install' line by `use
    inc::Module::Build::Functions', and renaming the resulting file to
    Build.PL.

    Unfortunately, Module::Install extensions are not supported, nor is the
    Module::Install::DSL syntax.

    You may wish to look at the code for documentation at this point, as not
    all functions are documented yet. This will be corrected, I promise.

INSTALLATION
    To install this module, run the following commands:

            perl Makefile.PL
            make
            make test
            make install

    This method of installation will install a current version of
    Module::Build if it is not already installed.

    Alternatively, to install with Module::Build, you can use the following
    commands:

            perl Build.PL
            ./Build
            ./Build test
            ./Build install

DEPENDENCIES
    File::Slurp and Module::Build are required on the system of an author
    using this module in his Build.PL.

    On the system of the person installing a module using
    Module::Build::Functions, only Module::Build is required. The version of
    Module::Build that will be required is determined by the functions used.

LICENCE AND COPYRIGHT
    Copyright (c) 2009, Curtis Jewell `<csjewell@cpan.org>'. All rights
    reserved.

    This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself. See perlartistic.

